Update Roadmap-and-Backlog.md (#1996)
raft-tech/TANF-app: docs/Product-Strategy/Roadmap-and-Backlog.md

_updated July 2022_
# Product Roadmap
Our [roadmap](https://app.mural.co/t/raft2792/m/raft2792/1649193957647/f8656ffaae4f5dfd47017eb981b04ff2ab7e792d?fromVisitorModal=true&sender=uc514273731b3f70763f30539) : represents our latest thinking about the order in which we’ll tackle the various pieces of the overarching problem.

This roadmap provides a high level plan through Release 4. There might be a few shifts in approach, timing or scope, but in general, these outcomes will be worked on by the team. Metrics for success will be added as they are defined for releases.

> Beyond that, our iterative agile framework will lend itself to feature sets that best serves our users. This doc will continue to be updated as we make decisions and scope releases. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond that, our iterative agile framework will lend itself to feature sets that best serve our users. This doc will continue to be updated as we make decisions and scope releases. 
```

Beyond that, we're still discovering and planning on what best serves our users. This doc will continue to be updated as we make decisions and scope releases. 
Beyond that, our iterative agile framework will lend itself to feature sets that best serves our users. This doc will continue to be updated as we make decisions and scope releases. 

> ## ATO  

Reviewer: ATO and Release 1 should be kept separate because they happened at different times. Can you revert?

Author: > ATO and Release 1 should be kept separate because they happened at different times. Can you revert?

The reason that I combined release 1 and the ATO work is because the ATO is a subset of release 1. The work that was done to get an ATO was never released to the production environment. This is how we agreed to proceed in the Mural roadmap. That said, I can separate them if you would like.

Reviewer: I would like to keep them separate because the ATO currently reflects what we had at the time of the ATO, and the docs will need to be updated for Release 1. Or, they can be combined but still delineated.

| TDP Users have a secure login experience. |
| Users with appropriate privileges can manage users | 
| Users with appropriate privileges can download files that were previously uploaded     |

## Release 2: Pilot Release
This release will allow users to securely upload data into our system in production, replacing a less secure way of doing so, while increasing communication with the users and not increasing burden for OFA Admin staff. This release will allow approximately 15 STTs to pilot the use of login, upload, and download of files, while maintaining TDRS on the backend. While this type of workflow isn't our long term workflow, including it at this point delivers value to the users more quickly and provides the team valuable user feedback to validate and improve the application features. 

| Outcome |
| -------- | 
| Tribal users are engaged with OFA and communication channels are clear. |
| Users know how to access and onboard TDP easily. |
| Users can upload and transmit files securely to TDRS database. |
| Users can resubmit files with error fixes. |
| Users will receive email notifications on the status of their account and data. |

> | Users can differentiate TANF and SSP files on the application. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Users can differentiate TANF and SSP files upon submission. |
```

| A research oriented TDP environment is created. |

## Release 3: Parity, Data Parsing, Automated Status, Notifications

> This release will parse and validate submitted data and store accepted data in a database. This workflow will include automated additional email notifications and user-friendly in-app error messages to help users better understand their data errors and submission history. This release will also include Django admin engancements and onboard all users as it will meet parity with the legacy TANF Data Reporting System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release will parse and validate submitted data and store accepted data in a database. This workflow will include additional automated email notifications and user-friendly in-app error messages to help users better understand their data errors and submission history. This release will also include Django admin enhancements and onboard all users as it will meet parity with the legacy TANF Data Reporting System.
```

| Outcome |
| -------- | 

> | TDP can parse all data sections and types through to Elasticsearch. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| TDP can parse all data sections and types through to the Elasticsearch database. |
```

| TDP runs validation checks on all submitted files. |
| Users receive easy to understand error messages. |
| Users can view their submission history. |
| All users will submit all of their data through TDP . |
| TDP enhancements for System administrator users. |

> | A research oriented TDP environment is created. |

Reviewer: Won't this be complete in release 2?

Author: Submission history and sys admin user updates are currently part V3. All users will not be onboarded until V3. I agree that the research environment should be removed from this list.

Reviewer: Yes, sorry that's the one I  meant. Thanks!
